Acd 693 (#44)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Fulfillment/UserInterface/03b_PackagingTypes.md

        - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") delete  
            Click this entry to delete the selected view. A confirmation window to confirm the deletion is displayed. This menu entry is only displayed if a view has been selected.

- ![Search](../../Assets/Icons/Search.png "[Search]") (Search)   
    Click this button to display the search bar and search for packaging types.

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of packaging types.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
    Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

- ![Filter](../../Assets/Icons/Filter.png "[Filter]") Filter (x)   
    Click this button to display the filter bar and customize the active filters. The *x* indicates the number of filters that are currently active.

- [x]     
    Select the checkbox to display the editing toolbar.

- [EDIT]  

>     Click this button to edit the selected packaging type. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of packaging types is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to edit a packaging type. The *Edit packaging type* view is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click this button to edit the selected packaging type. This button is only displayed if a single checkbox in the list of packaging types is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to edit the corresponding packaging type. The *Edit packaging type* view is displayed.
```

- [DELETE]  
    Click this button to delete one or several selected packaging types.

The list displays all packaging types. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *ID*  
    Packaging type identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Name*  
    Packaging type name.

- *Active*  

>     Packaging type status. The following statuses are displayed:
>     - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Status]") (Checkmark)   
>     The packaging type is active.
>     - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Status]") (Cross)   
>     The packaging type is inactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Packaging type status. The following statuses are available:
    - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Status]") (Checkmark)   
    The packaging type is active.
    - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Status]") (Cross)   
    The packaging type is inactive.
```
Einrückung!

- *Connection*  
    Connection name.

- *Connection ID*  
    Connection identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Max height*  
    Maximal height configured for the packaging type.

- *Max width*  
    Maximal width configured for the packaging type.

- *Max weight*  
    Maximal weight configured for the packaging type.

- *Max value*  

>     Maximal value configured for the packaging type.

Reviewer: Maximum!

- *Carrier*   
    Carrier configured for the packaging type.  

- *Express*  

>     Indication of the configured shipping type. The following options are displayed:  
>     - **Yes**  
>     Express shipping type
>     - **No**  
>     Standard shipping type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indication of the configured shipping type. The following options are available:  
    - **Yes**  
    Express shipping type
    - **No**  
    Standard shipping type
```
Einrückung

- *Packaging type identifier*  
    Packaging type configured for the shipment.  

- *Ship-to country*  
    Country where the packaging type is shipped to.

- *Priority*  

>     Indication of the priority configured for the packaging type. The priority value is used by the system to determine the packaging type to be used for a shipment when the criteria of two or more packaging types match. The lower the number, the higher the priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Indication of the priority configured for the packaging type. The priority value is used by the system to determine the packaging type to be used for a shipment when the criteria of two or more packaging types match. The lower the number, the higher the priority. This field is mandatory.
```

- *Additional services (shipping method)*  
    Additions services offered as defined by the user. 

> - *Attribute*    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attribute      
```

    You can add an additional column for each attribute that is assigned to the packaging type. The column displays the attribute name, the row displays the corresponding attribute value of the packaging type.

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)  
    Click this button to add a connection. The *Create connection* view is displayed, see [Create packaging type](#create-packaging-type). 
  

## Create packaging type  

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab PACKAGING TYPES > Button Add*

![Create view](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/PackagingTypes/CreatePackagingType.png "[Create view]")

[comment]: <> (Screenshot evtl. ändern, Actindo Basic kommt nicht bei NoE vor)

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Create packaging type* view and return to the list of packaging types. All changes are rejected.

[comment]: <> (Actindo Basic Channel in Screenshot sollte ausgeblendet werden, da nicht von Fulfillment Modul benutzt. Schon mit SW besprochen. Evtl. neue Screenshots notwendig.)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Channel*   
   Click the drop-down list to select the channel. All available channels are displayed in the drop-down list.
```

- *Language*      

>     Click the drop-down list and select the language in which the data is to be managed. All available languages are displayed. By default, the language set up in the system is preselected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the drop-down list to select a different language for the packaging type. All active languages in the *DataHub* module are displayed. The default language is preselected.
```

  Maximal weight allowed for the packaging type.
    - *Quantity*  
    Enter the desired value.
    - *Unit*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the applicable unit.

- *Max value*  
  If desired, the maximal monetary value allowed for the packaging type can be configured.
    - [ADD PRICE]  
    Click this button to enter the base price and scale prices. The *Edit price* window is displayed, see [Edit price](#edit-price).
    - *Base price*  
    Base price defined for the product. This field is read-only and can only be edited in the *Edit price* window.
    - *Current price range*  
    Price range defined for the product. This field is read-only and can only be edited in the *Edit price* window.
    - *# Scale prices*  
    Number of scale prices defined for the product. This field is read-only and can only be edited in the *Edit price* window.
    - ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  
    Click this button to edit a configured price. This button is displayed when hovering the mouse over a configured price. The *Edit price* window is displayed, see [Edit price](#edit-price).
    - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  

>     Click this button to deleted the configured price. This button is displayed when hovering the mouse over a configured price.

Reviewer: Maximum; Einrückung!

[comment]: <> (Stimmt das so? Button SAVE funktioniert nicht. Bug gemeldet.)

- *Carrier*  

>     Enter the preferred carrier for the packaging type. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enter the carrier identifier for the packaging type.
```

- ![Toggle](../../Assets/Icons/Toggle.png "[Toggle]") *Express*  
    Enable this toggle to set the shipping type for the packaging type to express. Disable the toggle to set the shipping type for the packaging type to standard. By default, this toggle is disabled.  

- *Packaging type identifier*  

>     Enter the packaging type identifier. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enter the packaging type identifier. 
```

- *Ship-to country*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the country where the packaging type is shipped to.

- *Priority*  
    Enter a number to set the priority for the packaging type. The priority value is used by the system to determine the packaging type to be used for a shipment when the criteria of two or more packaging types match. The lower the number, the higher the priority.

- *Additional services (shipping method)*  
    Enter the additional services offered. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

## Edit packaging type

*Fulfillment > Settings > Tab PACKAGING TYPES > Select packaging type*

![Edit packaging type](../../Assets/Screenshots/Fulfillment/Settings/PackagingTypes/EditPackagingType.png "[Edit packaging type]")

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   
    Click this button to close the *Edit packaging type* view and return to the list of packaging types. All changes are rejected.

- *Channel*  

>     Click the drop-down list to select the channel. All available  are displayed in the drop-down list. By default, the *Actindo Basic* channel is preselected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the drop-down list to select the channel. All available channels are displayed in the drop-down list.
```
Würde den Actindo Basic channel hier raus lassen, wenn das in fulfillment eh nicht mehr vorkommen soll...

- *Language*      

>     Click the drop-down list and select a different language in which the fields are displayed. All available languages are displayed. By default, the language set up in the system is preselected.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click the drop-down list to select a different language for the packaging type. All active languages in the *DataHub* module are displayed. The default language is preselected.
```

    Click these fields to edit the maximal weight allowed for the packaging type.
    - *Quantity*  
    Click this field to edit the desired value.
    - *Unit*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the applicable unit.

- *Max value*  
    If desired, the maximal monetary value allowed for the packaging type can be edited.
    - [ADD PRICE]  
    Click this button to edit the base price and scale prices. The *Edit price* window is displayed, see [Edit price](#edit-price).
    - *Base price*  
    Base price defined for the product. This field is read-only and can only be edited in the *Edit price* window.
    - *Current price range*  
    Price range defined for the product. This field changes automatically when the scale prices are edited in the *Edit price* window.
    - *No. scale prices*  
    Number of scale prices defined for the product. This field is read-only and can only be edited in the *Edit price* window.  
    - ![Edit](../../Assets/Icons/Edit02.png "[Edit]") (Edit)  
    Click this button to edit a configured price. This button is displayed when hovering the mouse over a configured price.
    - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") (Delete)  

>     Click this button to deleted the configured price. This button is displayed when hovering the mouse over a configured price.

Reviewer: Maximum, Einrückung!

- *Carrier*  
    Click this field to edit the preferred carrier. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

- ![Toggle](../../Assets/Icons/Toggle.png "[Toggle]") *Express*  
    Enable this toggle to set the shipping type for the packaging type to express. Disable the toggle to set the shipping type for the packaging type to standard.   

- *Packaging type identifier*  
    Click this field to edit the packaging type identifier. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

- *Ship-to country*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the country where the packaging type is shipped to.

- *Priority*  
    Click this field to edit the priority for the packaging type.

- *Additional services (shipping method)*  

>     Click this field to edit the additional services offered. Numbers, letters or a combination of characters can be used.

Reviewer: s.o.
